New class is over
dvi
Equipped with external output function
So
If you use the vgapvihdmi cable
Connect to a television
Connect to a large screen
Gis play that two people are convenient is possible
Like that
There was delivery of record
Switch the body switch
We fall back as usb hub right holder on 8th
I competed for storage and graduate connections
In this big stage never before
There is also usage of the user
It spreads to the present age
Only in a wide area without brand new protection
We announced setting of printer
To improve rice
Equipped with automatic rotation function
30's male and female
It is a creation switch
More conveniently
further
We prevent small wound with protection from this shock
Exclusive cover is attached
Easy to use and incense
Portability, etc. is as it is
It is a new function that has been powered up
Saran wrap and zip lock will be on the stand
cpu went
Equipped with a mechanical parts sterilization function
usb connection last french cup
Equipped with new features
1 Ekiden
This french cup
8 inches
as psp sub monitor
Of course how to use in meetings etc
Just connect with the big screen
Its usage is infinite
Video watching in private
Famous scene of impression
Presentation in the business scene
Easy to understand this year
To appeal
Big screen to win 10 days
But then the applause of Nisshin Nii also
Fun for the whole family
The class went up
Everyone
Go once and come back
Make together
pvi
Monster bullish
Reported that usb was connected